gadget bu 90
t110 says
here the Deming login show running away
it Cummins in it
going in circles
and that illusion you get when the
clouds have done it myself I had a tower
disperse I need a little bit that
illusion when you're rigging up and
setting one up raising it when you see
those clouds move like that really
throws you for a loop is well start
running
and a pretty cool voter beside at
link-belt
that's me
philia transition era when the loaders
shovels were getting used just converted
for load and logs
didn't have a full-on heel boom on it
yet
basically just had the clown bucket the
dump bucket scoop just off it on this
set of phones modified the end with a
heel bar
that'll be a company or a personal color
the yellow on the link built not factory